IBX-7966: Ibexa Engage described in User Documentation (#296)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/ibexa_engage/ibexa_engage.md

---
description: Ibexa Engage helps to engage audiences and collect valuable data by using interactive content.
---

> # Ibexa Engage

Reviewer: I'm just wondering about the name of this section, does it make sense to add prefix "Ibexa" or just Engage? Most sections don't contain it (Perso, Commerce, DAM etc.). :)

Author: I'd keep Ibexa Engage - even on the welcome page we use _"Welcome to **Ibexa Engage**"_, _"Discover **Ibexa Engage**"_, etc. 
Check Ibexa Cloud or Ibexa CDP - we use full name as well.

> # Ibexa Engage

Reviewer: Ok, so please create a separate ticket.

A prize can be, like special discount, bonus, or free access to some content.
You can set up a specific time frame for each campaign, use conditions, and design.

## Publication channel

Every campaign includes a minimum of one publication channel that you can choose from the three options the platform provides for publishing a campaign:

- **Widget/iframe** - uses a JavaScript code or an HTML iframe from Qualifio. Additionally, you can use oEmbed, Facebook Instant articles, and AMP technologies to publish iframes. You need to manually paste the code into your website or CMS.

- **Minisite** - uses a unique URL from Qualifio that can hosts the campaign. This URL points to your subdomain.

- **Mobile** - uses a link from Qualifio to integrate a campaign that is optimized for mobile usage.

!!! note
    Each publication channel type is automatically responsive and can be use on any mobile device.

## Work with campaigns

You can create, configure, and create campaigns using [Qualifio Engage](https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/categories/202280638-Qualifio-Engage).
To display your campaign on your website, use of the available tools - Campaign block or Campaign custom tag.

> 

Author: In my opinion, it's clear enough.
Please check Ibexa Cloud documentation - here we mention Platform.sh documentation in the same way: https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud/#install-on-ibexa-cloud

---
description: Ibexa Engage helps to engage audiences and collect valuable data by using interactive content.
---

# Ibexa Engage

[[= product_name_engage =]] is a data collection tool. It gives you the ability to use the [Qualifio](https://qualifio.com/) tools to engage your audiences.
You can use interactive content to build relationships and collect important data, for example, a list of recent orders, or personal information about customers.

## Request access

To use [[= product_name_engage =]], you must make arrangements with [[= product_name =]] to define the initial configuration, and then get and set up user account.

1\. Go to the Back Office.

2\. On the left panel, go to **Ibexa Engage**.

3\. On the welcome page, provide the required information:

- First and last name
- Email address

> 4\. Accept **Terms and Conditions** checkbox, and then click **Send request**.

Author: I'd keep "Accept".

![Welcome page - form](img/welcome_page_form.png "Welcome page - form")

> [[= product_name =]] creates and provides user account. An invitation link is sent during the setup process.

Reviewer: "Ibexa DXP creates and provides user account. An invitation link is sent during the setup process."-  this sentence sounds for me like the process would be automatic. And it's not at the moment. It's manual and credentials are sent by our team, right @SylvainGuittard ?
Maybe it's a matter of changing the word from Ibexa DXP to Ibexa team?

Author: Changed to _Ibexa team_.

> Once the registration and configuration process is completed, the welcome page displays information about campaign tools available with [[= product_name_engage =]] and link to [Qualifio documentation](https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/categories/202280638-Campaigns) where you can get information about creating and managing campaigns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the registration and configuration process is completed, the welcome page displays information about campaign tools available with [[= product_name_engage =]] and a link to [Qualifio documentation](https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/categories/202280638-Campaigns) where you can get information about creating and managing campaigns.
```

![Welcome page - active account](img/welcome_page_activated.png "Welcome page - active account")

> Click **Manage campaigns in Qualifio** button to open Qualifio page, where you can create and manage campaigns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the **Manage campaigns in Qualifio** button to open a Qualifio page, where you can create and manage campaigns.
```

Is it Qualifio or Qualifio Manager page?

![Qualifio page](img/qualifio_page.png "Qualifio page - campaigns manager")

## Campaign

> A campaign is a collection of ideas that the user can customize and divide into steps.

Reviewer 3: I am not sure it's the proper definition of a campaign in Qualifio. We need to review it

> It consists of a welcome screen, a form step, an interaction element, and an exit screen.

Reviewer 3: It really depends on the types of campaigns. Sometimes you have more parameters

Reviewer: @SylvainGuittard it's based on the general definition used by Qualifio: https://developers.qualifio.com/docs/engage/concepts

> A campaign is a set of different concepts, grouped per steps, and open to configuration.
> You can use campaign to interact with viewers, boost ad impressions, or gather cookies from targeted audiences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Campaigns are sets of different concepts, grouped per steps, and open to configuration.
You can use a campaign to interact with viewers, boost ad impressions, or gather cookies from targeted audiences.
```
grouped _into_ steps ?

Author: I'd keep it singular.

> Campaign can contain a welcome screen, a form step, an interaction element, an exit screen, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each campaign can contain a welcome screen, a form step, an interaction element, an exit screen, and so on.
```

You can use Qualifio's existing templates and interactive elements, such as quizzes, pools, and forms, to create visually appealing, customized campaigns.

> Qualifio configures the backgrounds, themes, and designs.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by `Qualifio`? The team or the product. 
Users can definitely customize design. Sometimes, the Studio team at Qualifio is doing it. I suggest you make it more generic and just mention `Users can configure backgrounds, themes, designs and more`

Reviewer: Agree, here is the entire chapter how users can design campaigns: https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/sections/203320047-Design-campaigns

> Users can configure the backgrounds, themes, or designs, and set up a specific time frame for each campaign.

Reviewer 2: Why do you say "you" in one sentence and "users" in the other? Is it that "you" is the campaign administrator and "users" are regular editors?

If there is no distinction betweeh "you" and "users", i'd say "You can also configure backgrounds..."

> Each campaign comes with a unique ID - string of numbers, that the platform automatically defines during the creation of campaign. Campaign ID is a reference to the campaign in the applications, services and data connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At creation, each campaign is automatically assigned a unique numerical ID. 
Campaign IDs are then used as a reference to the campaign in applications, services and data connections.
```

Reviewer 4: It's not that obvious, so I would be careful with this suggestion.

> Each campaign comes with a unique ID - string of numbers, that the platform automatically defines at the creation. Campaign ID is a reference to the campaign in the applications, services and data connections.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Each campaign comes with a unique ID - string of numbers, that the platform automatically defines during the creation. Campaign ID is a reference to the campaign in the applications, services and data connections.
```

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure about creation of what, a campaign or an account?

Each campaign comes with a unique ID - string of numbers, that the platform automatically defines at the creation. Campaign ID is a reference to the campaign in the applications, services and data connections.

> You can set up prizes for customer when an email or another required pool is filled.

Reviewer 3: Prizes don't apply to all campaigns. I will remove this part and leave it to Qualifio documentation. Same for the line below

Author: I would keep it (I've just updated it a bit). We say "you can", it doesn't mean that it applies to all campaigns.

Reviewer: I think it's more important in the Campaign definition to mention about anonymous vs identified campaign, because it's related to data collection and all campaign types. One sentence could be sufficient.
Source: https://developers.qualifio.com/docs/engage/concepts#anonymous--identified-campaigns

> - **Anonymous** - engages with the audience, increases the advertising impressions, or collects cookies of personalized audiences.
> - **Identified** - gathers information on the user by filling out an identification form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Anonymous** - engage with the audience, increase the advertising impressions, or collect cookies of personalized audiences.
- **Identified** - gather information about the user by filling out an identification form.
```
Who is filling out the form, the user or the campaign process? I'd reword the latter sentence to make it clearer.

## Publication channel

> Every campaign includes a minimum of one publication channel that you can choose from the three options the platform provides for publishing a campaign:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every campaign includes at least one publication channel, which you can choose from the three options the platform offers:
```

- **Widget/iframe** - uses a JavaScript code or an HTML iframe from Qualifio. Additionally, you can use oEmbed, Facebook Instant articles, and AMP technologies to publish iframes. You need to manually paste the code into your website or CMS.

> - **Minisite** - uses a unique URL from Qualifio that can hosts the campaign. This URL points to your subdomain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Minisite** - uses a unique URL from Qualifio that hosts the campaign. This URL points to your subdomain.
```

- **Mobile** - uses a link from Qualifio to integrate a campaign that is optimized for mobile usage.

> !!! note

Reviewer 4: automatically? Or maybe ...by default...?

    By default, every type of publication channel is responsive and compatible with all mobile devices.

> ## Work with campaigns

Reviewer 2: I'd make this a separate article

Author: For now, I'd keep single page.

> You can create, configure, and create campaigns using [Qualifio Engage](https://developers.qualifio.com/docs/engage/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create, configure, and manage campaigns by using [Qualifio Engage](https://developers.qualifio.com/docs/engage/).
```

> To access the Qualifio Back Office page and create or manage campaigns, click the **Manage campaigns in Qualifio** button under the **Ibexa Engage** menu.

Reviewer 2: Is it "Qualifio Back Office", or could we use the ""Qualifio Manager" term that you introduced above?
Also, I'd try to describe navigation to the button in the following manner: "go to the Back Office, **Ibexa Engage**, and click the **Manage campaigns in Qualifio** button.

> To display your campaign on the website, use one of the available tools - Campaign block or Campaign custom tag.

Reviewer 2: To display or to embed?

Author: User wants to display the campaign - this is the purpose of the tools. I'd keep "display" as it makes it easier to understand the goal.

> For more information about creating and managing campaigns, see [Qualifio Engage documentation](https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/categories/202280638-Qualifio-Engage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For more information about creating and managing campaigns, see [Qualifio Engage documentation](https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/categories/202280638-Qualifio-Engage).
```

### Campaign block

> To promote your campaign, you can add [Campaign block](../content_management/block_reference.md#campaign-block) in Page Builder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To promote your campaign, you can add a [Campaign block](../content_management/block_reference.md#campaign-block) to a page in Page Builder.
```

> In the **Campaign** block you can choose campaign from the drop-down list. This list includes all campaigns available on user's Qualifio account which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the block's settings, you can select a campaign that you want to display from a drop-down list.
The list contains only those campaigns from your Qualifio account, which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.
```
See comment above about account naming

> In the **Campaign** tab you can choose campaign from the drop-down list. This list includes all campaigns available on user's Qualifio account which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the **Campaign** block you can choose campaign from the drop-down list. This list includes all campaigns available on user's Qualifio account which are active or scheduled to launch in the future.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we could add here * , because by default this list contains campaigns "active or scheduled to launch in the future". But it can be changed by devs, if you configure Campaign feed in Qualifio differently. https://support.qualifio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022954454-About-Campaign-Feeds

![Campaign block](img/campaign_block.png "Campaign block")

### Campaign custom tag

> You can embed campaign in the Rich Text field with Campaign custom tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can embed a campaign within the [Rich Text field](../content_management/create_edit_content_items.md#edit-rich-text-fields) by using a Campaign custom tag.
```
Question: Should we use "custom tag" here? Editors do not know this concept. For them it is jus one more button in the toolbar. Therefore I'd use "option".
On another occasion I'd also fix the SeenThis! description in the linked article.

Author: "Custom tag" - this is the feature name.

> To do it, select custom tag from the toolbar, and a choose campaign.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do it, select a custom tag from the toolbar, and choose a campaign.
```
See my comment on custom tags above.
